Add an ability to load an arbitrary list of Cortex modules (#3275)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

## master / unreleased

> * [FEATURE] Implement an ability to load multiple Cortex modules using a comma-separated list. #3272
>   - Should be backwards compatible with the current behavior.
>   - Target list like 'all,compactor' can be used to load the single-binary modules plus some other modules.

Reviewer: I suggest a little rephrasing to simplify it:

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Allow to specify multiple comma-separated Cortex services to `-target` CLI option (or its respective YAML config option). For example, `-target=all,compactor` can be used to start Cortex single-binary with compactor as well. #3272
```

We consider these improvements "enhancement" and not new core features. Please move the changelog entry to the right place (entries are grouped by type).

Author: Sure, forgot that they're grouped.

* [CHANGE] Renamed `-redis.enable-tls` CLI flag to `-redis.tls-enabled`, and its respective YAML config option from `enable_tls` to `tls_enabled`. #3298
* [FEATURE] Added support for shuffle-sharding queriers in the query-frontend. When configured (`-frontend.max-queriers-per-tenant` globally, or using per-tenant limit `max_queriers_per_tenant`), each tenants's requests will be handled by different set of queriers. #3113 #3257
* [FEATURE] Query-frontend: added `compression` config to support results cache with compression. #3217

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Allow to specify multiple comma-separated Cortex services to `-target` CLI option (or its respective YAML config option). For example, `-target=all,compactor` can be used to start Cortex single-binary with compactor as well. #3272

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Allow to specify multiple comma-separated Cortex services to `-target` CLI option (or its respective YAML config option). For example, `-target=all,compactor` can be used to start Cortex single-binary with compactor as well. #3275
```
```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Allow to specify multiple comma-separated Cortex services to `-target` CLI option (or its respective YAML config option). For example, `-target=all,compactor` can be used to start Cortex single-binary with compactor as well. #3272
```
